## November 2017

[Starting message of the meeting](https://chat.stackoverflow.com/transcript/108179?m=39907030#39907030)

### [Agenda](https://github.com/SO-Close-Vote-Reviewers/room-meeting-topics/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+milestone%3A%22November+2017%22)

1. 20k Deletion requests when not at deletion score threshold
2. Is there any possibility that if we rant enough we can lower the cv's needed to close a question?
3. Does SOCVR handle obviously terrible review audits?
4. Tailor auto-comments
5. Solidify Rules on Pinging Moderators?
6. Should people be allowed to post approve-pls requests for their own tag-wiki suggested edits which remove plagiarism?

### Resolutions

#### 1. [20k Deletion requests when not at deletion score threshold](http://chat.stackoverflow.com/rooms/108179/conversation/2017-november-topic-1)

Add to the FAQ that when deletions should be considered, unless there's a good reason, it doesn't have to be now. Reasonable requests for quick deletion is more important than if it has -2 or -3.

#### 2. [Is there any possibility that if we rant enough we can lower the cv's needed to close a question?](http://chat.stackoverflow.com/rooms/108179/conversation/2017-november-topic-2)

Let put this in a separate room for some thoughts and suggestions , not something we want to push on now.

#### 3. [Does SOCVR handle obviously terrible review audits?](http://chat.stackoverflow.com/rooms/108179/conversation/2017-november-topic-3)

we don't need to do anything in the room. If a bad audit leads to a ban take it to meta. We could contribute a FAQ to meta.

#### 4. [Tailor auto-comments](http://chat.stackoverflow.com/rooms/108179/conversation/2017-november-topic-4)

Leave the user if they respond negatively or don't respond. If they respond positively, work with them at your own desire.

#### 5. [Solidify Rules on Pinging Moderators](http://chat.stackoverflow.com/rooms/108179/conversation/2017-november-topic-5)

Pinging mods engaged in general conversation is acceptable; Pinging mods for anything that could be handled with a flag is not acceptable; Ask the room about how to handle non-flag moderation problems. @ing a moderator for discussion is fine, you're just addressing them. 
@ing a moderator to fix your problem is not fine - that's what flags are for

#### 6. [Should people be allowed to post approve-pls requests for their own tag-wiki suggested edits which remove plagiarism?](http://chat.stackoverflow.com/rooms/108179/conversation/2017-november-topic-6)

 the decision is to disallow it for now but remain open to the subject being revisited in the future when/if there is more info available from mods/employees.  We ask Meta as well
