## February 2020

[Starting message of the meeting](https://chat.stackoverflow.com/transcript/message/48573824#48573824)

### [Agenda](https://github.com/SO-Close-Vote-Reviewers/room-meeting-topics/issues/34)

- If a strike would be organized on Stack Overflow should SOCVR participate?

### Resolutions

Due to the unusual nature of this meeting, the lone subject was split into two sub-topics. 
[Full transcript of both topics](https://chat.stackoverflow.com/rooms/108179/conversation/feb-2020-mod-strike). 
Room Owners [prepared a letter about the underlying issues](https://gist.github.com/rschrieken/6821e30357d00422217049514547d555) to prepare the room for the discussion.
The letter mostly restated the drama of the previous months and where ROs felt things were heading at the time.

The first part was about if SOCVR should participate in a proposed moderator strike. 
A starboard vote was taken and [the results were 12-4-4 in favor of a strike](https://i.stack.imgur.com/AxIsl.png) if one were called.

The second part was about how we would implement the strike as a room. 
Per [starboard vote](https://i.stack.imgur.com/YnxDo.png) the resolution was for freezing the room for the duration of the strike.
Regular users would be invited into the Ministry of Silly Hats (off-topic chat).
