# Room Meetings

Periodically SOCVR has room-wide meetings where we discuss room policies and behavior.

Anyone can propose new topics to be discussed by creating an issue in the [GitHub SOCVR Room Meeting Topics repository](https://github.com/SO-Close-Vote-Reviewers/room-meeting-topics). The issues will be labeled with `suggested-topic`. Anyone interested is invited to comment and vote (GitHub emoji responses) on the topics. Doing so helps everyone prepare for the meeting, and allows people to share and discuss their views over a longer period of time than is available in the actual meeting.

When there are enough topics, the Room Owner (RO) team will announce a new date for a room meeting. The topics that will be on the agenda get labeled with the actual room meeting, like `room-meeting-2017-01`.

The meeting will be held in the room [SOCVR Room Meetings](https://chat.stackoverflow.com/rooms/108179/socvr-room-meetings). That room will be unlocked 30 minutes before the start of the meeting. You do *not* need to request access. Please don't request access, as doing so will just annoy all the ROs, all of whom are notified for each access request.

Meetings are scheduled to last one hour. That time is split between all topics, with a each topic given an equal maximum amount of time for discussion. If resolution is reached on a topic prior to the maximum time, then we will move on to the next topic.

#### During the meeting
* One of the RO's will chair the meeting.
* Please keep the conversation on topic.
* The no one-box rule applies.
* Please use stars sparingly.
* RO's will clear stars after the end of each topic. If you want a record of the stars, you will need to take a screenshot prior to them being cleared. Knowing what the stars were at the end of each topic is sometimes helpful when writing up the topic summaries.
* The room will be in timeout for 1 minute at the start of each topic. You can use this time to write-up/organize any longer messages you wish to post.

#### After the meeting
After the meeting, the discussion on each topic is summarized, including any conclusions. The summary and conclusions are published on a page linked below, which is identified by the year and month in which the meeting took place.


## Resolutions and transcripts from previous meetings:

### 2020

* [Feb](2020-02)
  - If a strike would be organized on Stack Overflow should SOCVR participate?

### 2019

* [April](2019-04)
  1. When should queues be allowed to avoid the "recent" rule?
  2. How should we deal with requests related to Meta discussions?
  3. Should (limited) re-posting of an expired *-pls request be allowed?
  4. Should SOCVR encourage cleanup of canonical questions?
  5. Should 'bad' or 'wrong' *-pls requests be binnable with some 3rd party user consensus?
  6. FAQ page rewrite

### 2018

* [August](2018-08)
  1. SOCVR Sanitarium needs a better name
  2. Do we need 'Do not request action on a post that you have asked or answered, or for an edit which you have made'?
  3. Should we wait until after the grace period is over before posting a cv-pls request?
  4. Should it be allowed to systematically target questions that are answered by a specific OP?
  5. Can we revisit a rule or FAQ about prescribed close reasons?

### 2017

* [January](2017-01)
  1. Do we need to watch our tone more?
  2. Do we still want to engage in burnination requests?
  3. We should have a way to disagree with vote requests, and move them to the graveyard if enough people agree
  4. Should we remove the room's events from the calendar?
  5. Can we fix Closey? Or implement an old, known working version?
  6. Should we allow del-pls requests on non-duplicate closed questions that would eventually be fetched by the Roomba?
  7. If you're gonna talk Politics (or any other off-topic stuff for that matter), you must respect those who disagree
* [May](2017-05)
  1. Suggested edits queue is full, Time to take a Stand?
  2. When are too many cv-pls, too many?
  3. Are proofread requests allowed?
  4. Remove link to user in cv-pls request
  5. Queen is breaking all our trains... How much can we take?
  6. Assign someone the job to update the content of SOCVR.org
* [November](2017-11)
  1. 20k Deletion requests when not at deletion score threshold
  2. Is there any possibility that if we rant enough we can lower the cv's needed to close a question?
  3. Does SOCVR handle obviously terrible review audits?
  4. Tailor auto-comments
  5. Solidify Rules on Pinging Moderators?
  6. Should people be allowed to post approve-pls requests for their own tag-wiki suggested edits which remove plagiarism?

### 2016

* [April](2016-04)
  1. Can we ask for someone in the room to edit in a relevant tag on a question so that it can be single-handedly closed with the hammer?
  2. Should we leave a comment under posts that were closed as a result of a cv-pls in order to let the OP know how to improve their question? If so on which close reasons?
  3. Does the room/group need to be renamed to reflect the fact that it doesn't focus only on "Close" activity?
  4. Are the activities of the room effective at meeting its goals?
  5. What can / should we do to make our votes more effective?
  6. Are we okay with having a lot of members being privileged Smokey users? Should only RO be privileged in SOCVR and let members be privileged in Charcoal HQ if they really want to?
  7. Should we have an SOCVR Code of Conduct that all regulars are expected to follow, not only in SOCVR but also on SO / MSO / chat / any and all SE places?
  8. Creating editing events as well as close events (specially while burnating tags); if so, coordination of edits needs to be discussed.
  9. On smoke detector message where a post only needs to be edited, find a rule to avoid conflicting edits attempts. Example: we post a chat message "I will edit" or similar.
  10. Should we move the [burnination process](https://github.com/SO-Close-Vote-Reviewers/SOCVR-RoomInformation/blob/master/burnination.md) to a meta question?
  11. Should burnination be officially [undertaken by SOCVR](https://github.com/SO-Close-Vote-Reviewers/SOCVR-RoomInformation/blob/master/burnination.md#process) or should a new "Burninators" specialized room handle it?
* [August](2016-08)
  1. Does the room/group need to be renamed to reflect the fact that it doesn't focus only on "Close" activity?
  2. Do we need more *-pls options directly in the CV-PLS userscript?
  3. What is the line for reporting 'all spam' or 'all bad suggested edits' for a particular user?
  4. There's a fine line between talking about / trying to promote the room and... well, spamming and pissing people off. How do we / should we advertise the room? Does it make a difference if it's main or Meta? Should we have any guidelines on the matter?
  5. Should SOCVR be involved in moderating the new Documentation portion of Stack Overflow?
* [October](2016-10)
  1. How do we handle motivated users with poor English skills?
  2. "Be Nice" topic
  3. Let's stop arguing daily about the appropriateness of close votes on specific questions
  4. Should room owners be moderating room members actions outside of the room?
  5. Room owner coverage

### 2015

* [November](2015-11)
  * [transcript](http://chat.stackoverflow.com/rooms/41570/conversation/november-2015-room-meeting)
* [December](2015-12)
  * [transcript](http://chat.stackoverflow.com/rooms/41570/conversation/december-2015-room-meeting)
